hi I'm Dorian winterfeld on behalf of
expert village I've been doing web
programming for about 10 years and today
we are going to cover the basics of HTML
now I'm going to show you how to change
the color of your text to make it simple
I'm going to get rid of these tags and
I'm going to go back to our basic just
plain text nice to show you there hello
expert village let's say we wanted to
change the color of our texts well we're
going to do it what's called the font
tag I'm going to open the font tag and
we're going to close the font tag notice
I'm opening and closing it just like all
the other tags so please if you're
getting used to this now we have to add
an attribute of color color equals let's
say bread so we have our tag we have the
attribute is color color equals red
close tag we're going to save the
document we're going to reload and what
do you know now it's red let's say you
want to make it red but you also want to
make it bigger before we use the tag
called big now I'm going to add an
attribute to font called size equals now
in this case I'm going to make the size
equal plus 1 let's reload it now it's
red and it's one notch bigger let's say
I made it plus 10 now it should be ten
times as big as it was originally there
you go so you can see that with the font
tag you can control the color the size
and there are many other attributes to
the front tagged where you can control
all the aspects
your text just to show you you know we
can make this green save it reload and
now it's green so there you have it